{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f44\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f48\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f49\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext15 HTML Body;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 header;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 footer;}}{\info{\title To:}{\author Daniel Harris}{\operator Daniel Harris}
{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy9\hr13\min18}{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy9\hr13\min29}{\printim\yr2002\mo7\dy24\hr10\min48}{\version3}{\edmins11}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords520}{\nofchars2965}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws3641}{\vern8269}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\footer 
\pard\plain \s18\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {
\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\f1\fs22\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\langnp1033 1}}}{\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  of }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f1\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033  NUMPAGES }}{\fldrslt {
\f1\fs22\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\langnp1033 2}}}{\f1\fs22 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\f1\fs22 To:
\par Charles Sandbank
\par Department of Trade and Industry
\par 151 Buckingham Palace Road
\par London
\par SW1W 9SS
\par Tel: 020 7215 1825
\par Fax: 020 7931 7194
\par SB: 020 7215 5000
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs22 Email: charles.sandbank@dti.gsi.gov.uk
\par 
\par From:
\par Daniel Harris
\par 14c Turle Road
\par London
\par N4 3LZ
\par Tel: 020 7281 9098
\par Email: daniel@kendra.org.uk
\par 
\par 24 July 2002
\par 
\par Dear Charles Sandbank,
\par 
\par As you know Kendra Initiative has been running for a number of years now (since mid 2000). We are increasing our numbers on a continual basis. We currently have o
ver 1400 people on our mailing list. Our network trial is modelling a global cross-vendor content delivery network with 27 servers worldwide. We are set to expand this trial to include live content too.
\par 
\par It is time to take the Kendra project to the next st
age, giving us consistent website development, hosting and collaboration tools. I am going to create Kendra Foundation, a non-profit company, employing a small team to keep things moving on and provide infrastructure to facilitate interested parties to co
me together to build the system.
\par 
\par I would like to call on your assistance in finding out what type of organisation we would need to be in order to satisfy requirements for DTI funding. So, to be blunt, we would like the DTI to provide:
\par 
\par 1. Funding for Kendra Foundation.
\par 
\par 2. Advice on company structures.
\par 
\par 3. Help with networking, promotion and liaisons with other digital content related groups.
\par 
\par Please could we set up a meeting with the relevant people in the DTI to facilitate this process?
\par 
\par For a brief understanding of where Kendra Foundation fits in here's a brief description of the Kendra project:
\par 
\par Kendra Aim - to see facilities for consumers to be able to get access to all digital content, when they want it and be able to pay for it easily and conveniently
. To see facilities for content owners to be able to make their digital content available to consumers and be able to charge for it (if they require) easily and conveniently. This system has an open architecture enabling any consumer to transact with any 
content owner in an easy and convenient manner and enabling any service provider to participate providing services for consumers and content owners.
\par 
\par Kendra System - a system that satisfies the Kendra Aim.
\par 
\par Kendra Initiative - a group of people/organisation
s using their Initiative to bring Kendra to reality by going through a collaborative design process and participating in Kendra trials. Trials will include content delivery networks and peer-to-peer systems, commerce, digital rights management, metadata a
nd interface design.
\par 
\par Kendra Foundation - to provide organisational, legal, and financial support for Kendra Initiative. Kendra Foundation would ensure that Kendra Initiative trials continue to exist beyond the participation of interested organisations and 
individual volunteers, to enable contributions of intellectual property and funds on a sound basis, and to provide a vehicle for limiting legal exposure while participating in the trials and contributing to software projects. Kendra Foundation would provi
d
e hosting for the Kendra Initiative website and develop web/email tools to facilitate the collaborative design process, between Kendra Initiative participants, necessary to create the Kendra system. And provide tools to assist the processes of coordinatin
g marketing efforts, meetings and conferences.
\par 
\par For more details see: http://www.kendra.org.uk
\par 
\par This letter has been discussed and reviewed on the Kendra Framework mailing list.
\par 
\par I look forward to your response.
\par 
\par Regards,
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Daniel Harris
\par Founder - Kendra Initiative
\par }}